Grenade hahaha
Are you satisfied with this gift?
What does this mean?
Hades said
You should work for us after receiving the gift
So what's up?
The rise of Netherism in the past ten years
Weimo sweeps the four major gulls in the east, west, north and south
Huge expenditure
There is a little financial pressure
Your Jiang family is the head of the wealthy family in Beidu
Should we call on everyone to be out-point?
This is the gift list of the Nether Cult Master
Nether Cult Master said
No gifts for three days.
Today's explosion will ring in Beidu
The entire Beidu wealthy family will cease to exist
All the family leaders have already seen Pluto Li Dan
Tell me about it?
This is a robbery.
It's a trillion.
This is bankrupting my family
What a bandit
Did we fight him?
Forget it
People are fighting
Terrorist organization that dares to attack
Even the capital of Daguoyuan is quite a headache
What are we going to fight for?
You can't fight
But we can't just sit back and wait
And to Jiangjiatu, you are the top of Baidu's wealthy families
You must I agree with you.
Our money is clean, hard-earned money
Absolutely not for Netherworld Cult
Do those crazy things
Yes, but this death overlap has arrived
What are we going to do about it?
I have a way